I bought this item from Bobby Express
calm we can go to the website or the
link in the decision below and if we
gotta buy one of these make sure you
don't play in public only play in
designated areas I had your home this
video is not sponsored by Bobby Express
calm I just want to clear that up I
bought this myself and to review it
enjoy the video guys peace boy it seems
like this is what I was waiting for
oh damn
holy shit it's a nice packaging but this
is upside fucking down
hold on I just need to pull it out
oh look at this oh it is fucking heavy
it is damn Wow this is a stock like this
what we do we see I guess so I'm gonna
sell me that
you just pull over
this is pretty good ineligible
flashlights yourself plastic it's
closing it good yeah see
holy shit there's a fucking blight
wonder that's really nice
[Music]
we got a battery the stock right pretty
good magazine
I thought it is pretty awesome and this
the I'm pretty sure this is a Taser on I
mean on this hunt teaser I'm the laser
yeah it is it is a period light one as
well it's not that you know the cheap
kind of days is like and we have a long
barrel all right I'm gonna build us gun
give me more sake
you know I must say it's thick it's not
really bad it is actually worth the
money and the time reading but they did
really fast I swear it actually took
them not longer than three days to give
this to me
this is actually pretty cool okay yeah
oh yeah I mean I'm not going to
test-fire this gun because it's not
gonna be worth it I'm testing it I'm
just gonna use this full film I'm gonna
look working on so but so far I'm gonna
it's a film it's a picture I'm moving on
I'm not been the not gonna I'm gonna
tell anyone was about my turbine X I
must say this is legal as well so I have
to worry about Sheamus especially gonna
need to buy one share on Facebook as
there some reasons guess is it for what
it is it does look pretty real I mean
ears is like something like an a also
gun but it uses different bullets I'm
pretty happy I got this as you can see
here
the only thing I have to complain about
is the this one we just pulled it up
see this this does not work at all which
is caring that is boring but probably
I'll try to modify it to work you know
it would be nice to have a working
holographic sight but I did not know it
did not work because I heard that the m4
has it there for my mother as a working
one so my guess is it everyone
it does look video that's the Kriss
vector here so guys hope you guys enjoy
see you guys later peace
[Music]
you see